PROJECT AIM
Neta solution pvt Ltd is a dynamic and forward-thinking company specializing in providing innovative cloud solutions to clients worldwide. Leveraging cutting-edge technology and a team of highly skilled professionals, Neta solution focuses on developing and implementing cloud-based solutions tailored to meet the evolving needs of businesses across various industries. With a strong emphasis on creativity, agility, and customer-centricity, Neta solution aims to empower organizations to enhance their operational efficiency, scalability, and competitiveness in today's digital landscape . With a workforce of 600 staff, Neta solution Ltd recently expanded and is preparing to move to a new building. The new building, comprising three floors, will house various departments, including Sales and Marketing. Human Resources and Logistics, Finance and Accounts, Administrator and Public Relations, ICT, and Server Room. The ICT department further hosts Software Developers, Cloud Engineers, Cybersecurity Engineers, Network Engineers, System Administrators, IT Support Specialists, Business Analysts and Project Managers

Prior to the move, a new network service needs to be designed and implemented in the new building. To ensure robust security, Neta solution will implement several security measures to protect the network from internal and external threats. The firewall will have outside, inside, and DMZ security zones, with essential servers strategically housed within the fortified zone. Additionally. Active Directory (AD) servers, responsible for managing and authenticating users, computers, and resources within the internal network, will be placed on the Inside zone of the firewall- this implies that servers such as DHCP, DNS, and Radius will all be on the inside zone, while other servers such as FTP, WEB. Email. APP, and NAS storage will be located in the DMZ-the zone can be attached to any firewall as of now. This meticulous planning and deployment of security measures will safeguard the network and ensure smooth operations for Cytoun Innovation Ltd in its new building
